---
title: The Start of Kent-OH.K9Sit.com
authors:
  name: Isabel Fansworth
  title: Dog Sitter
  url: https://www.rover.com/members/isabel-f-dog-sitting-in-my-home
---
I _(Isabel Farnsworth)_ started the **Kent-OH.K9Sit.com** page on
**Feb. 24th, 2023** to provide dog sitting services in **Kent, OH**.

Hi, I love dogs and have a large fenced yard in Kent near Kent State, I offer
overnight dog sitting and doggy day care in my home for short or long stays.
I have one dog (Bentley, a beagle mix) and a cat. My 2 kids and I will give
your dog lots of attention and in addition to the fenced yard, I will walk
them around the neighborhood, typically going on at least two walks a day. As
well, I will take him or her to the unofficial neighborhood fenced "dog park"
(if they like to play with other dogs). My dog is older and not so into playing
with other dogs but likes to make friends (sometimes it takes him a bit).

I am an Art professor at KSU, I have two teenagers one dog, Bentley who is
around 13, and a sweet older cat named Tiger. She doesn’t love dogs, so she is
usually in a bedroom, upstairs or outside. I love love love dogs and after
fencing my yard, decided I would like to have visitors. It will be like doggy
camp, they'll have a blast and will be loved and cherished. I don't teach in
the summer and have a very flexible schedule during the academic year, so I am
around a lot and give your dog a lot of attention!

My schedule is pretty flexible so when I’m working outside of my home it’s
rarely more than 4 hours that I’m gone. I also have my kids around to help if
I’m not home.

I have a fenced yard but take the dogs for walks. Usually the dogs sleep
upstairs in my bedroom on the floor or occasionally on the bed if they’re small
(my dog is a bed hog). They get lots of attention, treats if allowed and
cuddles galore!

The following is a short video showing my brother with his dog. My brother
setup this page.

<hr/>

<iframe
allowfullscreen
frameborder="0"
height="881"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/knmtMffM_ho"
title="Rainy days with Tig"
width="100%"
/>
