---
title: Puppy X at 14 Weeks
authors:
  name: Mark Fansworth
  title: Head Trainer
  url: https://www.facebook.com/mark.farnsworth.v2/
---

I am raising a puppy named "X".

My puppy is a mix of a lab, mastiff, boxer, and likely a few other breeds.

I got the puppy at 10 weeks of age.

Puppies need potty training, create training, and basic obedience. The training
for puppies does not need to be complicated.  With training we reward the
behavoirs we want to see more of and and redirect behaviors we don't want to
see. A big early training objective is teaching them that urination and
defecation is not acceptable indoors. We reward urination and defecation that
occurs outdoors. We also teach puppies basic commands and help them understand
how to focus on us and how to manage their mental state so they can grow into 
calm, comfortable, and confident dogs.

The greatest tool we have when working with puppies is food. My approach is to
only hand feed my puppy. Every bit of food my puppy eats is a reward for an
action the puppy has performed. Food is like money in the relationship we have
with our dogs. Simply putting food in a bowl is like giving away money without
getting anything in return.

In the morning and every time we interact with my puppy I have food with me.
The first thing me and my puppy do is to go outdoors so he has time to pee and
poop. I provide verbal praise and make a clucking sound as soon as my puppy
starts to pee. I provide him a handfull of food the moment the puppy finishes
peeing. If the puppy produces a poop then I provide a double handfull of food.
Since I have a small fenced yard I am not present for every pee and poop but I
try to reward this behavior as often as possible. Also, when my puppy has an
accident that I witness I pick him up as he is in the process of peeing. We
have had one accidental poop in his crate when he was distracted and a small
number of accidental pee events in the crate and in the house.

My puppy eats three meals per day. The total amount of food matches what is
described on the bag of high quality puppy food that I use. For his first meal
of the day he gets about 25% of the total amount. The second meal is another
25% and the final meal is the remaining 50%. If the puppy is not motivated by
the food at meal time then I only give him a couple handfulls and leave food
for the next or final meal of the day.

I do not allow the puppy to eat from the bowl. The bowl is right there in front
of the puppy but any time he attempts to eat from it I push him away. The puppy
needs to learn that he is only allowed to eat what I provide for him and must
defer to my desires. The puppy must look at me and not at the bowl of food
because the food is mine and only becomes his food if I choose to give him a
handful. The puppy must work for each handful that I provide usually with a
command such as "Sit", "Stand", "Down", "Stay", "Kennel", or "Come". It takes
the puppy time to develop his understanding and I am patient. I reward small
successes with a small bit of food and a big success with a huge handfull. Some
commands such as "Sit" are easy while others such as "Stand", "Come", or "Stay"
are harder.

The meal with training takes a bit of time but it is great fun. About halfway
through the meal I try to remember to pause and give the puppy time to drink
using the bowl in his crate.

<hr />
<iframe
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share"
  allowfullscreen
  frameborder="0"
  height="881"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/adipiUvJasI?rel=0"
  title="K9Sit.com"
  width="100%"
/>
