---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Free Dog Training Classes
Our free dog training class meets at **6 PM** every **Thursday** at various
locations in **North East Raleigh, NC**. The classes meet in parks, on
greenways, or outdoor shopping areas. Classes are conducted as a walking group
where we socialize a bit and perform training activities over the course of a
short hour walk.

Dogs will not interact with dogs at these events. Owners manage their dogs as
these events are in public spaces. We recommend that every owner have leash
they are confident with as well as a mechanical clicker, treats, and/or toys to
reward their dog. Dogs that are reactive are welcome provided the owner takes
full responsibility for management of their dog. The owners of dogs who are not
comfortable should far enough away that their dog is calm 85% of the time. The
"bubble" of comfort should be such that the dog is not under stress. If a dog
is barking or under stress that should be less then 15% of the time and the
owner should quickly move to expand the bubble so the dog will become
comfortable.

When commands are taught, dogs should succeed 85% of the time. Dogs should also
fail about 15% of the time so we know they are working at a ratio that provides
optimal learning. When the "sit" is taught the dog should remain sitting until
released and this work should be in the context of distractions that result in
the dog breaking position and failing ideally no more and no less then 15% of
the time. Once a dog has truely learned "sit" or "down", it should be possible
to walk away from the dog and return knowing that they will have remained in
position. We make learning simple enough that it is easy, hard enough that the
dog is challenged, and rewarding enough that the dog is motivated.

Dogs and handlers of various skill levels are encouraged to attend. This is
perfect for anyone who want to learn about how K9Sit.com trains dogs. The
classes are also perfect for aspiring or even an established dog trainers even
if you have no interest in our brand or compete with us in the marketplace. If
you have a well behaved dog this can be a chance for you to show off. If you
want to learn how to create a well behaved dog this is a chance for you to
learn for free. If you are having problems with your dog this class is a chance
for you to learn what you need to solve your problems on your own. **Mark**
**Farnsworth** and/or another of the **K9Sit.com** trainers will lead the
classes. This is also a conversation for anyone who wants to discuss ideas in
modern dog training and as such we invite other trainers to join us so they
can learn from us and share knowledge with the class.

Please text us at **919-809-9328** to learn more.

Our next class will meet at **River Bend Park** near the restrooms.

<iframe
allowfullscreen
height="818"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hJXE2FBwk1g"
title="Down means down"
width="100%"
/>
