---
sidebar_position: 5
---
# K9 Psychology
**K9Sit.com** is a company with a mission to improve the lives of dogs and
their owners by providing reasonablly priced services for dogs and their
owners. The best outcome for dogs and their owners comes from developing
**trust**, **respect**, and **love** through better communication. The
investment you make in building communication with your dog will change both of
your lives.

At **K9Sit.com** we focus on positive training methods. Dog training should be
an activity your dog enjoys. The dogs we train become confident well-adjusted
pets. **K9Sit.** service providers optimize the use of applied behavior
analysis to systematically identify and resolve problem behaviors using the
least aversive and intrusive methods, tools and equipment. We recommend against
the use of any training tools and equipment whose purpose and/or intent is to
interrupt or redirect behavior using fear, force or pain. The key to obtaining
good behavior from dogs is to help them and their owners communicate well. Dogs
want to please their pack leaders and as such once we have good communication
the dog will be comfortable with requests such as sit, stay, walk, come,
leave-it, etc. A dog with a good understanding of their psychological world
feels safe and happy in human society.

The needs of the dog and their family will be considerd as we build a custom
plan to support the dog's psychological health. Most dogs will respond
positively after only a few sessions. On the other hand, some dogs **need**
monthly or weekly psychology sessions for a period of time depending on their
needs and the expectations of their owners and the other humans the dog
interacts with. Each training session is focused one dog and the humans in the
dog's life.

Call or text to schedule services.

**919-809-9328**

## Video

<iframe
width="100%"
height="881"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AxVMHu9aWJ0"
title="Rainy days with Tig"
frameborder="0"
allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
