---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Creating a K9Sit.com Site
Please read on if you are a dog trainer or interested in becoming one.

My goal with the **K9Sit.com** project is to improve the lives of dogs and dog
trainers by creating a reasonablly priced platform small dog training
businesses.

The best outcome for dogs and their owners comes from developing **trust**,
**respect**, and **love** through better communication. With good
communication, dogs are happy and perform well for their humans. The best way
to build good communication with dogs is for dog owners to work with local dog
trainers who are members of their community.

The **K9Sit.com** business model will provide the online platform with a simple
cost structure using a low monthly fee. Currently the **K9Sit.com** site only
provides only a few features but we are planning to add calendar schduling,
reviews management, and other features. Our early customers will help us define
what features are the most important.

Currently, new customers can contact us for free site creation while we are in
the introductory period. The current K9Sit template is a Blog page plus up to
four service pages. Typical service pages will be for items such as
`Dog Training`, `Dog Grooming`, `Dog Walking`, `Dog Sitting`, etc. We are
focused on dogs on the `k9sit.com` domain but plan to add additional domains
for similar services targeting other types of pets.

Becuase pet care is a business where providers and customers operate in small
local areas we feel that the `k9sit.com` domain is ideal since it is easy for
customers to remember. The top page at `www.k9sit.com` provides a directory of
sites that exist in specific markets such as `ne-raleigh-nc.k9sit.com` for the
service I provide in North East Raleigh. The new sites will be created using a
similar naming pattern such as `sw-springfield-tx.k9sit.com`. Once a customer
uses the top level page they can bookmark their prefered locations.

Once I have the first few sites defined, I plan to charge **$100.00** for the
creation of **K9Sit.com** sites. After sites have been established we charge
only a low monthly fee for hosting the content. If you need us to edit content
pages or implement specific features for you we charge a low hourly fee for
custom work. Your site will be a simple clean web presence that is free of
advertisements. You can print business cards or order some from us. Over time,
the **K9Sit.com** brand will become grow similar to how Lyft, Uber, AirBnB, and
Rover have become well known.

Currently, the fee for hosting a site is only **$10 per month**. We do not
charge any transaction fees for when customer book training services. This
monthly fee is an introductory rate. The monthly fee will likely be increased
next year but the fee will always be as low as possible while still allowing
us to develop the features needed to provide the best possible online presence
for our customers. Our web pages is a simple mobile friendly design that looks
good on all major web browsers. We are already in the early planning stages for
the creation of a **K9Sit** mobile app.

Your site can share your phone numbers and links to your profiles for Facebook,
LinkedIn, Rover, Youtube, and/or other sites. We will support you in adding
buttons for PayPal and/or other services so your clients will be able to use
your **K9Sit.com** pages to learn about your services and pay you without any
transaction fees. Your site will also have a blog to help you engage with your
clients and share YouTube videos. You can have your own business name on your
site pages. On your site you control the relationship with your customer and
most of the content of the pages. The domain name **K9Sit.com** is easy for
customer's to remember. The top level pages of **K9Sit.com** will direct
customers to the location that is closest to them. Locations will not compete
against each other because dog training and dog sitting services are a local
concern for the end users.

The basic **K9Sit.com** site includes features similar to
the <a href="https://ne-raleigh-nc.k9sit.com/">North East Raleigh, NC</a> site.
Your site can have up to four service pages and six PayPal buttons while on the
standard plan. You can also publish one blog entry per week. Over the next few
months the structure of the site template will evolve with the input from our
customer and what we learn from end users.

Call me at **919-809-9328** to dicuss the **K9Sit.com** project and I will
create a site for your business.

<hr/>

<iframe 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share"
allowfullscreen
frameborder="0"
height="881" 
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/knmtMffM_ho"
title="Rainy days with Tig"
width="100%"
/>
