---
title: Housebreaking a Puppy
authors:
  name: Mark Fansworth
  title: Dog Trainer
  url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/markfarnsworth/
---
People often ask how we "teach" a puppy not to pee and poop in the house.

Housebreaking is actually pretty simple.

First start with a crate. In the first few weeks, the puppy should be in the
crate if it is not right with you. Each time you take the puppy out of the
crate go outdoors first and go as far away from your house as you can. Also
go to a different place each time. Try to develop the view that each time the
puppy pees or poops it will be a new adventure. Have an adventure with your
puppy as often as possible; try to never go more then a few hours without
taking your puppy outside for a bit. Each time you go outside pick a
different place.

Dogs are wolves and wolves simply do not pee and poop in their den. A wolf also
does not pee and poop in the same spot outside the den each day. K9s want to
pee and poop far away from their den and in new and different places. Very
often new puppy owners do not grasp this fundemental concept and work hard to
teach their puppy that it should pee/poop in the same spot every day. In effect
the puppy starts to think that spot is part of it's den area and contrary to
their genetic programing they are forced to defecate at what the K9 feels is
their home. For the K9 the area just outside of your house and the area inside
the house are both home so pet owners are making it very complex because they
are trying to go against nature.

From an evolutionary context a K9 does not instinctual understand the concept
of **indoors** vs. **outdoors**. The areas that the K9 lives and spends a lot
of time in are where it instinctual does not want to poop and pee. Your dog
hears the call of it's wild ancestors telling it to defecate in new places and
avoid defecating in places in and near where it spends a lot of time. If you
teach your puppy to pee and poop in the same place every day then you are
telling your dog to ignore the instinctual feelings. I feel that an easier and
better approach is to work with the instinctual programming and provide your
puppy a lot of chances go to the bathroom in new places provided they are
outdoors. The more new and distance places the puppy pees and poops the better
it feels. Generally adult dogs do not like to go to the bathroom in their own
yards. Dogs that have not been overly re-programmed by humans like to go to the
bathroom on walks and usually in different places each day and usually pretty
far from home.

My advice.

1. Place crates in as many rooms of your house as possible (move them often)
2. Spend little bits of time in differnt rooms of your house with your puppy
often
3. Walk and when needed carry your puppy to new and different places far from
your home for pee/poop

Housebreaking is nust a natural process. The dog does not want to pee/poop
anywhere near where it lives or where it often goes. Each poop should be a
new adventure.

<hr/>

<iframe
allowfullscreen
frameborder="0"
height="881"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/C8TSCFupTPk"
title="Adventure Poop"
width="100%"
/>
