---
title: Krista Cote joins K9Sit.com
authors:
  name: Mark Fansworth
  title: Head Trainer
  url: https://www.facebook.com/mark.farnsworth.v2/
---
**K9Sit.com** is proud to announce that Krista Cote has accepted the postion
of Cheif K9 Officer _(our **CKO**)_. In addition to providing oversight for all
dog training at **K9Sit.com** Krista will be engaging with clients and dogs in
the Daytona Beach Florida area.

Krista Cote, has trained animals professionally for 14 years. She started her
career working with exotic animals, dolphins, tigers, and wolves, to name a
few. She holds a degree in Zoology and Animal Behavior from the University of
New Hampshire, was certified by the AKC as a Canine Good Citizen Evaluator, and
through continuing education, is always up to date on best and most humane
practices. 

Krista specializes in service dog training, aggression, and dog social
behavior. She is known to deliver results that exceed the expectations of her
clients. She focuses on gaining the dog's trust while establishing boundaries,
alternatives to unwanted behaviors, developing skills for a calm, confident
dog, and educating owners so they will get the same behavior! She trains with
a creative touch making it fun for dogs and fun for owners to see their dog
shine! She strives to define and help establish what a successful dog/ owner
dynamic should look like, resulting in stronger, happier relationships.

At **K9Sit.com**, our **CKO** has the final word on all issues related to dog
training.

<hr/>

<iframe
allowfullscreen
frameborder="0"
height="881"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FyVPXayhIgU?rel=0"
title="Krista Cote"
width="100%"
/>
