---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Dog Psychology
The **K9 Sit** project is currently a one man show created by me
*(Mark Farnsworth)*.

My goal with this project is to improve the lives of dogs by providing a
reasonablly priced service focused on helping them with the psychological
challenges associatd with living with humans.

I use an approach similar to Cesar Millan. The services that I provide are
not associated with Cesar Millan in any way beyond the fact that I am inspired
by his approach and seek to understand the psychological challenges individual
dogs have so I can help them and their owners communicate better. The key to
obtaining good behavior from dogs is to help them and their owners communicate
well. Dog's want to please their pack leaders and as such once we have good
communication the dog will be comfortable with requests such as sit, stay,
walk, come, leave-it, etc. A dog with a good understanding of their
psychological world will be safe and happy in human society.

Dog Psychology services are priced at **$100** per session. The needs of each
individual dog and their family will be considerd as we build a custom plan for
each family. Most dogs will respond positively after only a few sessions.

Psychology services can be integrated with
<a href="https://www.rover.com/members/mark-f-high-quality-dog-training/">Rover.com</a> care
at my home in North Raleigh.

<hr/>

<iframe 
width="100%"
height="881" 
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AxVMHu9aWJ0"
title="Rainy days with Tig"
frameborder="0"
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
